first round against Hopkins you got up
to win you were down this time in the
first round against Troy you looked hurt
this time how hurt were you in that
first round yeah was stunned you know he
caught me with a good shot but that's
what champions all about when I get part
of the floor I come back stronger so
when I go down I just get upset man of
pissed so at the end of day you know is
that it's an honor fighting Roy Jones
you know the guys are wicked fighter and
a so called me a lot of trouble and then
it's great to share ring with Roy
tonight I have to thank my family
obviously dad everybody Joe Joe here's
the first round knockdown watch it you
can comment as you watch those what was
going through your mind well to be
honest I didn't see the Punch coming
hence why we're gonna blow man it's a
good shot is it good shot you know I
thought deja vu you know but the end of
the day this is the fourth time have
been down to come back strong i compose
myself I just boxed and I felt it
boxster a good fight can I just say
thanks for you guys coming from way also
Britain tonight he scraped me on I hope
you enjoyed the fight I love you all Joe
given the fact that Roy demonstrated his
power early why did you then throughout
the fight fight him right in front of
him with your hands down and that's my
style man is it sometimes I feel more
relaxed with my hands by my side you
know I got great reflexes and i'm going
to read in opponent so i was slipping
and sliding i was weary after the first
round of his right down the left hook by
felt that with my hands down i'm giving
them different angles and combination
punches which in my style is very very
hard to fight my style because i have
many styles it seems almost as though
you were trying to out Roy Jones Roy
Jones watching him from afar across the
Atlantic through his prime did you have
those kind of thoughts that you wanted
to fight somewhat like him no just you
know always I remember watching Roy in
the Olympics and I've always loved this
style of the way you fight and I know I
can fight with him sort of fast and
combinations you might sort of fight
that's why I felt today would be a great
a good fight to watch you know because
we both throw combinations I'm just so
so happy No thank God for this fight you
know thank everybody
just um I'm just overwhelmed I'm just
Hey Joe you now you're undefeated you
are now vying with Lennox Lewis for
greatest European fighter of all time
you have Roy Jones name on your resume
the way Lennox finally got Mike Tyson's
what's the future I love to sit down and
think about it this could be my last
fight I will make a final decision yet
I'll just have to go over and sit down
and never take a bit of break and just
evaluate the situation but I just like
to thank Roy for fighting tonight we've
done this five ourselves and you know we
were forced tonight but it royal always
been my friend man I Prescott Bush was
back for the guy Joe finally before we
get to Roy you have demonstrated your
greatness through by beating your
contemporaries and the great names of
this error and there's always the next
guy however in this case there really is
a guy out there with a mandate to fight
the light heavyweight champ he's
undefeated he's young given Pavlik
Schloss to Hopkins the one guy left is
chad dawson do you have anything to say
about chad dawson I think you wasted
talent man you should be a promoter
he'll be promote what can I say there's
obviously obviously is always someone
young and never coming through same
relation saber Kessler you know I've
beaten two legends this year in in
hopkins and even bigger bigger legend in
roy jones and fought them both in the
States I think I showed everybody that
not just fight at home I took the risk
become the biggest I cut the New York
and thank you so much my father I Love
You Man well if this is the last fight
of your career Joe thank you for a
spectacular career was a pleasure to
watch thanks a lot man thanks a lot
light heavyweight champion Joe Calzaghe
e nao roi you had him hurt down and hurt
in the first round what were you
thinking at that moment well first of
all I wanna say thank you taught my
fanfic RL support me I thank y'all all
y'all been one prepare for my whole
career thank y'all fall come on
me just calling the house as always what
happened was when I lock him down I had
two players I couldn't make up my mind
which one do I want to go at him then I
didn't want to go but I started punching
two big eyes I heard with a big shout
trying to get him again and I got on my
fight game we've never seen you cut like
this ever was this an issue of and and
and we'll show you replay here yeah tell
us what you see he caught what a good
shot but don't want to i think called
the right hook that cut my and the cover
the red hood right behind my little cut
my old was the first time i've been cut
off by oh my goodness i'm game and I
love fighting I don't kill my fighting
always and I just did give my best
effort but the guy was gonna man tonight
I got on my game playing he want
congratulations to him when you were in
you're at your best no one ever won no
one ever came close to winning and now
whether it's because punches are landing
or because the skin is not as elastic as
when you were younger you're being cut
you are fighting valiantly yet in a
losing effort is this finally the end of
roy jones or will there be more well i
don't i'm not sure i'll go back and talk
to my team talk to my family see how i
feel if i feel good i'll continue to
fight if i don't feel good i won't fight
anymore but the good thing about us i'm
getting to the fence to the finish we
got a new president i'm very glad that I
came I did my best I gave my all so far
was mortified to me tonight who's the
better man like is there a measure of
redemption for especially the Glen
Johnson fight where you seemed
disinterested by the way you thought you
kept mentioning you gave it your all you
did you continue to seem to try to win
in spite of the long odds once you were
cut do you feel find a measure of
redemption in the way you fought tonight
oh yeah I do final American Redemption I
still went to around with a cut even I
still beat adversity coming back for
what I came from it's very difficult not
many parties can come back from being
all three loss to the road and get
themselves back to the top fight I
bought myself all the back and got back
to the top and competed against the best
find out that day and there is somewhat
redemption for me I thank God for like I
said for keeping me a good health I say
hey everybody Pensacola sorry I didn't
pull off but I tried chrysocolla spilled
in the house y'all get my number one
fans thank y'all all New York for
supporting me thinking about who came
and God bless y'all are tremendous
performance especially considering we're
talking to almost
forty-year-old Roy congratulations this
is the end on a spectacular career thank
you very much Jim all right well max
kellerman asked the right question a man